Updates to make repository public (#11)
CQCL/pytket-benchmarking-store: README.md

    For more information on importing and exporting circuits to and from pytket please see the
    [Importing/Exporting Circuit](https://tket.quantinuum.com/user-manual/manual_circuit.html#importing-exporting-circuits)
    section of the pytket manual.
    
    Note that each of the circuits must have a the [`name`](https://tket.quantinuum.com/api-docs/circuit_class.html#pytket.circuit.Circuit.name) attribute assigned, and this must match the name of the file where its serialised form is saved.
- **README.txt**: Each suite includes a `README.txt` file which gives some detail of the circuit suite.
    Such details might be the sizes of the circuits, or the paper which inspired them.
    In general this should provide enough context to allow the suite to be used confidently by a new user.
- **data.pkl**: Each suite includes a [panda DataFrame](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html)
    which contains information about each of the circuits.
    When constricting this DataFrame is must include a row for each circuit.

>     It must also include atleast the columns: 'name', containing the name of the ciruit; 'width', containing the number of qubits in the circuit; and 'label', containing an additional label describing the class of circuits that the circuit belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It must also include at least the columns: 'name', containing the name of the circuit; 'width', containing the number of qubits in the circuit; and 'label', containing an additional label describing the class of circuits that the circuit belongs to.
```

Author: Aha, thanks!
